Cool! Let’s make this another robust save state, especially because I want to verify that syncing the replit, GitHub, and RE1 repo will not cause any regression or breaking. There might be some branches existing etc so I want you to help me navigate and organize that

Other than that App is looking good. There are just two minor graphics changes I want to make before making a big change: the offline feature needs to be tweaked a little:
	1.	The offline toggle needs to look like a toggle switch, not a button
	2.	When it’s offline, there should be a red wifi symbol with a red dash diagonally through it, and the outline of the toggle switch should be red, when it’s online it should be green outline, and green wifi symbol
	3.	The offline toggle needs a better organization scheme on the run tracking page and any other page where it’s being pushed off the edge of the screen or it’s pushing the “GPS ready” symbol off the screen. My suggestion is pushing the offline toggle even higher to the top right corner and making it smaller and thinner


Finally, the big change. Take a look at the attached document. It holds the revised first 8-week workout regimen specifically tailored to our first test user. Without breaking any other functionality (I’m worried about breaking the “you can’t start this run yet” feature specifically), the attached 8 week regimen needs to replace the current placeholder 4 week regimen which currently exists in the app. In the future, these kinds of regimen swaps may be frequent so if it’s not already so, think about a simple SQL database-to-schedule page display conversion scheme that can quickly read the SQL database and display the necessary workouts on the necessary days and weeks on the scheduling page and wherever else relevant. This is just a suggestion from a non programmer though, so you don’t need to do it this way if it’s not smart. Either way the 8 week regimen attached needs to replace the current regimen, without breaking any other functionality.