Home page seems a little empty or misorganized/empty at the bottom, try to move stuff around so it fills up the page a little bit more.

Run tracking page is a little messy, especially when you click “start run” from the home page, There’s a whole bunch of boxes stacked on top of each other of different sizes and colors it looks messy. I’ve talked more about it below.

I Can’t see the map on android for some reason. The google logo that should be at the bottom left corner of the mini-map view is showing but the map itself is not visible. This is for the map preview before starting a run as well as for after a run is completed when viewing past runs.

Just FYI, I’m testing on the same Samsung galaxy that was shown in a previously sent screenshot, same system information and os and model.

The completed run view is messy, it’s all left aligned leaving a lot of empty space to the right, this needs to be reorganized.

If I refresh the app and go to the run page, I’m able to start a random, unscheduled run. I like this functionality and want to keep it. It shall be tracked as a past run but not linked to the run schedule in any way whatsoever. The workout schedule will only be affected if the user chooses to start a run that is scheduled for that day. The user should be allowed to start a run at any time between 12:00AM and 11:59PM on the day that the run is scheduled. When you click “start session” from the home page where it shows the next scheduled run,  it properly takes you to the Run page and greys out the run option, saying “Please wait until <day of the week> to complete this session”. But this doesn’t show up as a window on top of everything else, greying out everything behind it, like a modal dialog, but instead it just shows up as a box next to the other boxes on the screen and nothing is greyed out properly. Additionally, after you hit okay, it is no longer possible to start an unscheduled run. This needs to be fixed, as described above.

Let’s change the multi-scheduling UI. Basically, how I want the Schedule page to look is we will have the Week selection buttons at the very top of the page right under the title which reads “Schedule” for this page. Underneath that should be a thin button which reads “Multi-schedule”. All the exercise sessions scheduled for that week should be displayed below this button, labeled by exercise session type and day of the week, just as it is right now, except for the changes described below. The focus of this paragraph’s change is, however, the multi-schedule button. When the user hits the multi schedule button, an empty checkbox should appear next to each of the exercise sessions of that week. When the user selects a number of exercise sessions, a thin “Schedule” button should appear at the top, right next to the “multi schedule button”, which is now greyed out because multi-scheduling is underway. When they hit this schedule button, a modal dialog which contains a picker wheel for the time (hour, minute, and AM/PM) with an instructions message “pick a time to schedule these exercise session”. When they choose a time and hit okay, the app should automatically schedule all of those sessions at that time without even taking the user to Google Calendar if possible. If this is not possible, remove the multi scheduling feature. Let me know what you have done regarding this as well
Make the “book” and “start” buttons slightly bigger on the scheduling page, make the set alarm button the same size and to the right of these two buttons (move the book and start buttons leftwards closer to the middle of the row just enough to fit the alarm-setting button), make the exercise session’s title bigger font than the day of the week and week number text that are below it. Also just remove the day of the week in red completely so that the red text for each scheduled exercise session only shows the estimated time for the session. Also make the square boxes to the left of all of this which holds the day of the week abbreviation a different shade of grey or black so that it’s more visible. Also verify that the booking functionality actually is able to access the calendar events that are scheduled not for the varchathreya@gmail.com user but for any google user that schedules an event using the book button. In other words it’s not properly updating right now to read “booked” when the google calendar even is properly booked. When it is properly booked, the “book” button should keep the calendar icon but switch the text to read the exact time that the exercise session is scheduled for. For example, a workflow could be 1) the user navigates to the scheduling page of the app 2) they hit the “book” button for a currently unscheduled exercise session. 3) the app takes them to google calendar where they pick a time to schedule the exercise session 4) they manually go back to the app to see that the specific exercise session that they just scheduled now reads the exact time that they scheduled it for where the “book” button originally was and now that is no longer a button and it has changed color (green should be fine). 

When you click start outdoor session from the run page, you should be shown a mini pop up window if there is a run scheduled for that day. If there is indeed a run scheduled for that day, then the window should ask “do you want to start today’s scheduled run?” and below it should show some details of today’s scheduled run (distance and pace required, etc)

There are a number of places where the buttons don’t work or the buttons don’t look like buttons:
1.	The “start session” button on the home page as well as the triangle play button with the same purpose on the home page. Don’t make the entire orange box a button, just the two above should be clickable.
2.	The current alarm setting button, but this has been addressed above
3.	The start button next to the next planned rehab exercise. This button is also not working on the android (it should scroll the user down to the main start timer button below it)
4.	
For all of these, make them have a border and change the color, whether slightly or significantly, from their background so you can tell that they are a button.

I like the loading bar feature at the top of the rehab exercise page. However, I want the empty  bar itself that is being filled with the green bar to be a different color than the background, right now I can’t see the empty bar that is going to be filled at least on the android

Make the “complete workout” button a the bottom of the rehab page greyed out until all the exercises for that day have been completed.

Finally, fix the math on the pace-measuring calculations. Right now, I’m significantly slowing down or speeding up and it’s taking 1 minute or more to update the pace properly, especially as the run progresses. Research how other apps calculate pace the way I want it (real time pace updating) and update your math or measuring logic if needed to match this.
