yes, before building, let's address the HSR vs isometrics and how they will be displayed on the rehab page. 

Firstly, I've fixed the rehab schedule. It now tells exact minimum paces, sets, reps, and distances for specific days so you don't have to guess which numbers to fill in when redesigning the app

For the exercises that require holds like isometrics, we've already got it covered. But for sets and reps-type exercises, let's invent the UI based on other apps below:

Basically how it should work is that for days that actually have a scheduled rehab routine, there should be a list of rehab exercises, just like there is right now. Matter of fact, for days where there are no rehab exercises, the rehab list should be blank and it should say "Nothing scheduled for today!" Next, for the next upcoming exercise, when the user clicks start, it should show one of two UIs, either A) the currently designed timer-based UI for isometric exercises (but also including a dashed loading bar that fills as the user completes the number of reps of the isometric hold as what's required by the attached guide. For example if it's required to do a wall sit 3 times for 45 seconds, there should be a 45 second timer and a dashed loading bar at the top with 3 segments) or B) a new UI: for sets and reps based exercises, it should look like the attached screenshot, where the user can check of completed sets and add in the weight they did. the set count should not be editable but the actual number of reps they did should be editable but prefilled based on the guide. This should allow the user to track their progress of how much weight they do for an exercise as well as how many reps they were assigned and/or how many reps they did. It goes without saying that this information should be stored for future reference, future metrics graph building that may be introduced in future iterations, and also for the following feature that should be introduced in the current iteration: in which ever corner of the UI that has space, introduce a little circular button with an icon that shows a scatter chart icon. When the user clicks on it, they should be able to see previous data on that specific exercise (if there's none, it should simply say "Your past iterations of this exercise will show here!") in the form of a table. For example if the exercise is goblet squats and this is the second time the user is doing that exercise, they should be able to tap the circular button to see a table of the data of last time they did that exericse, showing how many sets, reps and what weight they did the exercise at. Lastly, between each set, when they hit the check mark, add in a 2 minute timer that displays as a linear loading bar. This is rest time. It should also have a little rectangular button to the right of it marked "Skip" if they want to skip the rest. The rest timer should play the moment they hit the check mark on the specific set that the rest timer is following.