Let's make one major change to the project. Add a settings page (gear icon) as a 6th tab in the bottom pages panel.

Aside from the title at the top of this page having the settings icon and the offline toggle also remaining where it is, there should be only two features on this page and the left of the page will be intentionally left blank:

firstly, a start date chooser. It should read: choose a start date to begin your regimen: and have a calendar icon button which opens up a custom in app modal dialog in the form of a one month calendar view, allowing the user to select the date of the month that the regimen should start as day 1. This means that week 1 day 2 in the scheduling page is no longer a monday but the weeks could start on a Friday or something else like that and therefore in the scheduling page two changes need to be made: the first item in each week (the first exercise session of the week) should be reflective of the indicated start date by showing the appropriate gregorian date in the DD Mmm YYYY format and also doesn't necessarily have to be monday but should be the day of the week selected by the user in the settings menu. 

The second settings feature to add should be a regimen selector. It should be a simple Text that said "Select Regimen:" and next to it, two square buttons, labeled 1 and 2. The one that is selected should be the standard orange color used by any other selected button in this app, and other one should be the standard grey color used by any other unselected button in this app. The reason this setting should be added is because take a look at the attached docx. I've added a third training plan. What should happen when they click regimen one vs two is that regimen 1 should populate the currently existing regimen into the app and selecting regimen 2's button should populate the new, attached regimen into the app instead. 

Finally, check through the app and see if you can make any buttons/features work smoother on the Moto or on a samsung galaxy a71 and implement optimizations IF POSSIBLE WITHOUT BREAKING ANY FUNCTIONALITY OR CHANGING ANY FEATURES IN ANY WAY. 